we're aboard the fare line squadron 48
flybridge this is a fly bridge version
of this amazing boat it's got IPs 600
pod drives and then the fly bridge has a
nice galley module also a dinette that
table lowers so it makes into a Sun pad
one up two aboard now inside is really
where it gets interesting we've got the
double helm companion seating the salon
and then you come down here to the
mezzanine and there's a galley in the
same lovely walnut high gloss finish
you're going to have two cabins or three
or this can become a dinette and then
this galley can also move up in apps so
there's lots of choices the fare line
squadron 48 is one of three models
there's also two target versions and
fare lines a 50-year old British company
known for their quality build now with
the exchange rate they're also a little
bit more affordable come check out the
review at votes com
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters